I want...
I want a professional chef!
Senku's bread is delicious enough.
It tastes like a rock.
but I can chew it without problems.
You guys are missing out big time.
Real bread will blow your mind!
That's why I want to revive
a professional chef!
But we don't have any revival fluid left.
We can get it by refining poop.
but it will take months.
No! I want it now!
Are you even listening?
Fear not! I'll get
enough fluid to revive one person.
And how are you going to get it. you fool?
We don't have any nitric acid.
About that...
I might know some baddy
who secretly stashed some of it.
That face!
You sure you're not the baddy in question?
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm
Hello?
What?
Revival fluid?
What makes you think I have it?
You can drop the act. Miss Reporter.
You were responsible for deciding
who to revive. weren't you?
There must have been plenty of chances
to pocket enough fluid for one person.
It allows you to revive
a person you want to get info out of.
A magic potion perfect for a reporter.
Humans are unable to resist their desires.
I know this because
I'm the greediest man alive.
You must have hidden some.
For real?
Could you really make that. too. Senku?
But Senku didn't say a thing.
Deception is the mentalist's forte.
He mentioned a super exciting present
for our Miss Minami Hokutozai
but wants the revival fluid in exchange.
Minami Hokutozai?
The reporter sure has a cool name.
The initial letters of the literal meaning
spells out "N-E-W-S."
Whisper-whisper...
I...
Want that!
But...
It seems she wants something.
I sense a scientific craft project
coming up!
I don't mind.
Desire is. after all.
the primary motivation for science.
Without it.
mankind wouldn't have progressed.
Every new invention
paves the way for our future.
I only have enough to revive one.
Who are you going to revive?
A three-star chef?
I recognize this place.
Isn't this where we revived Ryusui?
We're going to revive François!
You should be able
to find the target easily.
We were together
when we got petrified.
François?
Get a check from my butler. François.
Write whatever number you want.
François!
Ryusui. isn't François your butler?
Butler and chef.
This individual excels
in all cooking and serving duties.
A true professional
in the art of hospitality.
With this pro's help.
we can not only get food
but get any meal we desire
even in this primitive world!
Is François a man... or a woman?
Well... I can't tell either.
It's manners not to look
as a precautionary measure!
François sounds like a man's name.
Why doesn't Ryusui tell us anything?
I brought clothes
I was told to prepare anyway.
I am grateful
for the outfit and everything else.
But first things first...
Do any of you know
the location of Master Ryusui?
I must go to him now.
-What?
You just awakened
from 3.700 years of petrification.
You should first get some rest.
Ryusui is doing great.
Don't worry about him.
Worry?
Sadly. nothing changes
when an insignificant servant
like me gets worried.
This is only my job.
Let's get moving.
Wait! You don't know where he is!
Let me show you the way.
My deepest gratitude.
That is indeed helpful.
This is unbelievable!
Is François... French?
Can this person speak Japanese?
I never thought about that.
Probably Japanese.
Was the name François or Francoiz?
Even the sex
of this individual escapes me.
Not even the sex?
Inattentive much?
But there's one thing I know for sure.
This person is the butler
I want the most in this world.
Skills before ethnicity and sex.
isn't that right?
Excuse me. Master Ryusui and everyone.
Please show me the bread you made.
François strolled in just like that!
Jeez...
We traveled nonstop for two days...
Shouldn't we bring François up to speed?
That is unnecessary.
I'm sure François analyzed
the situation on the way here.
This is the bread we made
with our home-grown wheat!
Behold. the bread...
Considering the worst-case scenario
is part of my job.
but with all due respect.
did you serve
this industrial waste to the guests?
Correct!
It tasted really good.
May I ask the requirements for this bread
and the guests' wishes?
We need food that lasts a lengthy voyage.
The bread has to have a long shelf life.
be filling.
and edible at the minimum.
No. I inquired how many months
it needs to last.
Please give me
as precise a number as possible.
Based on my experience.
the crew can't take a voyage
that's over a year long.
So. no longer than...
ten months.
That's how long it needs to last.
Ten months. Understood.
Then the menu item I'll prepare will be...
goat's blessing stollen.
Stollen?
It's a kind of sweet bread
stored for Christmas.
This is amazing!
It's goat milk butter!
Stollen is full of nuts and dried fruits.
The dried fruits used are soaked in wine.
I see.
The sugar. butter. and dried fruits
removes the free-water from the bread.
Without water. bacteria can't reproduce.
No bacteria. no rot.
Speed matters more than strength.
Knead by gently rubbing...
Excuse me!
Master Ryusui. Master Senku.
the nuts are coming out of the dough.
Those parts will get burned.
I bet you use the upper and lower furnace
for temperature adjustments.
This is terrific.
I thank you from the bottom of my heart.
Fulfilling the desire
of my guests with the perfect service
is my job.
Desire...
is noble.
For baking harder bread
the first nine minutes is vital.
This is bad!
I've never smelled
this aroma in my entire life.
It smells so tasty.
The rising of the bread only
takes place in the first nine minutes.
To transfer enough heat to
the bread in such a short amount of time.
the air density of the oven is important...
This is basic science.
Water vapor's heat conduction
is much better than air.
That should be enough heat for the bread.
Master Ryusui. as your butler.
I want to help reestablish
Nanami Conglomerate.
But to conquer the new world.
Senku Ishigami...
is the person we want.
I know.
Don't forget. I'm the greediest man alive.
Bad! What's in this bread?
It's so tasty. I'm blown away!
I'm getting emotional.
We haven't had modern food
in thousands of years.
It's like madeleine. but stiffer.
We can have as much as we want!
Yeah. This flavor is on par
with famous bakeries.
We just acquired
the perfect long-lasting food
that we can take
to the other side of Earth.
Desire is...
noble!
UNLOCKED: BREAD!
This tastes heavenly.
This is bad. François!
It's actually a lot easier than you think.
Anyone can make bread if there's wheat.
Pour water into the flour.
Leave it at a temperature of
around 30℃ for a few days.
It's summer right now.
so the temperature is just right.
The dough will then ferment
and produce bubbles.
I thought we needed yeast to make bread.
Yeast is everywhere in this world.
Wheat alone already has plenty of yeast.
There is a lot of yeast on fruit skins.
Mixing them in for yeast
can coax out extra flavors.
The more water you use.
the softer the bread will be.
However. it goes bad quicker too.
The adequate ratio
of flour and water is 1:1.
Once the sourdough is ready.
the rest of the process is
the same as modern bread making.
François' Baking Lesson.
WATER AND SALT
First. add water and salt to the flour.
Then. knead the dough.
Let it rest for an hour.
Roll the dough into a ball
to release the gas inside.
Fold and push the dough into itself
with the heel of your hands.
Let it rest for another hour.
Bake it at 200-300℃.
Bread is ready to serve.
Bad! This is really amazing!
Hey. who do you think deserves
the most credit for the delicious bread?
-François.
Wrong answer!
Well. not entirely wrong.
François deserves some credit too.
But this was all possible
because of my revival fluid.
You promised to make
something for me in return.
I haven't forgotten about that.
Making bread is great and all...
But the thing I want the most is...
-I see.
-What's that?
You made a reckless promise. mentalist.
Sorry.
I just went with the flow of things.
But you can make it anyway. right. Senku?
This requires delicate craftsmanship.
We need Mr. Kaseki the craftsman.
Kaseki is old.
Trekking back to Ishigami Village
will be too much for him.
You can't summon him back so lightly.
I can carry him and run back!
This must be Taiju.
Leave it to me.
I appreciate it.
Thank you. but I don't need your help.
Huh?
Senku.
Do you know how much time has passed
since we last saw each other?
Do not underestimate a craftsman.
It can even climb up slopes now.
thanks to a double-piston engine!
Steam Gorilla 2!
We already had the engine and other parts.
That suit!
Suave. right?
I plan to wear this from now on.
Well. you didn't call me for nothing.
Let's start crafting!
The suit!
Let's leave the crafting to Kaseki.
We have science work to do.
Alright.
We'll be using familiar ingredients.
Sodium hydroxide.
silver. and ammonia.
That's the stinky stuff you get from pee.
We mix all of them together to create
a mixture and soak a glass plate in it.
Then. some glucose from raisins
for some hidden extra flavor.
It's done.
That was fast!
What? Is that me?
UNLOCKED: MIRROR!
Now we wipe the surface clean
and stick a sheet of paper
or carbon fiber on its back.
That keeps the silver coating from peeling
so that it can be used normally.
A mirror?
Is that what Miss Minami asked for?
Face and beauty care.
That's her top priority.
That's a tasteless comment. Chrome.
All women are beautiful.
It's only natural to want to care for it.
The mirror matters a lot to me...
but what I want is a tool of my trade.
A tool of her trade?
This mirror...
is going to be a film.
Are you saying...
This mirror will be placed
inside the case made by Mr. Kaseki.
The case itself serves as a darkroom.
We turn the iodine refined from seaweeds
into steam for coating the mirror.
The film is ready and installed.
Daguerreotype...
The oldest model of the camera
in the history of mankind.
On that day thousands of years ago.
I lost...
my precious camera.
Thank you.
I'll use this camera to record...
the civilization we started from scratch.
I'll take pictures of our new world.
Take as many photos as you want.
We're going to take photos
from the hot air balloon too.
There are so many of them!
I get it now! We take photos
from the sky during our search!
This is ten billion percent faster than
looking with our naked eyes.
I made these cameras
for that exact purpose!
You should've left it at making them
for Minami.
You made a fool out of her
giving that mushy speech.
At least let me take
the first commemorative picture!
-Agreed.
I'm buying the right
to decide who models in the photo!
Why would I use you
for the first photo in this world?
Don't be silly.
This is a record for the dawn
of a scientific civilization.
We're taking a picture of Senku.
Any objections?
It's going to be exhibited
at Nanami Museum.
where you find records of the New World.
You misunderstand Master Ryusui.
His goal isn't to promote himself.
Master Ryusui's desire
is far more ambitious.
He wants everyone to shine
and have a hand in achieving this end.
And I...
anticipated as much.
I asked Master Kaseki to bring us
Master Ryusui's wardrobe.
How far ahead do you plan anyway?
I expect nothing less from you. François!
Well then. time for the photoshoot.
If I remember correctly. this type
of camera makes flipped photos.
Nope. Since this camera has a prism.
the inverted images get corrected.
Forget it! The outfits get in the way
when I operate the hot air balloon!
Don't get me involved!
At least strike a pose for me.
Senku... posing...
I can't even begin to imagine
him smiling and flashing the peace sign.
How about the pose
of the most famous scientist?
That's it!
We can't just snap a photo as we did
with smartphones and digital cameras.
The image will be blurred
if the balloon doesn't fly steadily.
Don't underestimate the king of the wind.
We'll find petroleum in no time!
Senku says to first treat the plate
with mercury vapor
and then pour the fixer
we made with sulfuric acid into the hole.
Senku is on the plate!
What's that weird face he's making?
Only modern people would know.
It's the iconic pose of the world's
most famous scientist.
UNLOCKED: PHOTOS!
This story is fiction but the flora/fauna.
substances. and methods
are based on reality.
Collecting/making them is dangerous
and/or may constitute a criminal act.
Please do not attempt.
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm